Creating Solutions with the Team Data Science Process (TDSP)
============================================================

In this hands-on workshop, you’ll cover a series of modules that guide you in
understanding how to implement an analytics solution using the Team Data Science
Process. You’ll learn how to work through a real-world scenario using Microsoft
Azure Machine Learning Services along with other Microsoft technologies. You'll
learn how to modify the solution we create in the class solution for
implementations in your own scenarios.

This course is designed to take approximately one day.

Getting Started
===============

You’ll need a laptop that you can install software on, a Microsoft Azure
account, experience with Machine Learning and Programming in Python, along with
several other pre-requisites. See the “README.md” file in the “Students” folder
for a full list prior to taking this course.

Important – These pre-requisites are essential to have \*before\* you attempt
this class. Many concepts will not be covered that are essential to have as a
background for this material.

If these pre-requisites are new to you, there is a complete Learning Path in the
“Instructions” folder called “Learning Path - Creating Solutions with the Team
Data Science Process.md” that you can use to learn these technologies and
processes. You should be able to complete all tasks in that Learning Path prior
to attending this course.

Course Modules
--------------

### 1 – Introduction to the Team Data Science Process (TDSP)

In module one, we’ll cover an overview of the TDSP, with an explanation of each
phase. You’ll also set up your environment for the rest of the course. By the
end of the module, students should be familiar with the Team Data Science
Process, the Microsoft Business Analytics and AI Platform and Azure DevOps for
Data Science.

*NOTE: Much of the setup must be accomplished prior to class. See the
“README.md” file in the “Students” folder for these requirements.*

### 2 – Business Understanding

At the end of this module, students should be able to determine questions from
business requirements, locate and document data sources for Advanced Analytics,
and use patterns to create solution frameworks.

During the module, a business case is presented, and the instructor takes the
students through the process of breaking a statement down into key words used to
determine the question to be answered with data storage technologies and data
processing technologies, ultimately using a decision matrix to create a solution
workflow.

### 3 - Data Acquisition and Understanding

Upon completion of this module, students should have hands-on experience and
understanding of how to ingest data into the solution, explore data using the
Azure Machine Learning Services (AMLS) Workbench tool, and create a mechanism to
orchestrate and manage data flows through a solution.

### 4 – Modeling

This module is focused on Machine Learning. In this module, students will learn
about Machine Learning options and create a Machine Learning solution in their
AMLS environment. Students will be able to create, save, and run Machine
Learning models using the AMLS Workbench tool.

### 5 – Deployment

This module covers the deployment of an AMLS model. Students will learn to track
and monitor models and their runs using the AMLS Workbench tool. The students
will learn how to deploy the results of the model to be used in client and
downstream applications.

### 6 - Customer Acceptance

In this module, several important post-deployment activities are discussed in
detail including: customer handoff and acceptance, altering and maintaining a
solution, and monitoring and reporting on the solution.

Build and Test
==============

This project contains three folders:

### Instructions

Materials needed to teach or prepare for this course are stored here.

### Instructor

All source training materials, PowerPoint files, and other teaching resources
are located here.

### Students

Pre-Requisites, Student Workbooks, Resource files, Data Sources and other
student assets are located here.

Contribute
==========

You may fork or download this course for your own use. Please notify the
training team of any errors or omissions using the “issues” feature on the
course’s github location.

License
=======

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Licensed under the MIT
License.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of
Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information
see the [Code of Conduct
FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact
<opencode@microsoft.com> with any additional questions or comments.
