Student Instructions - Creating Solutions with the Team Data Science Process (TDSP)
===================================================================================

*(Please see the README.md file in the main directory of this github project for
a full description of this course and its outline)*

This course is designed to take approximately one day.

Pre-Requisites
==============

You **must** meet these pre-requisites **prior** to coming to class. We will not
cover these topics in class, and will assume that you have the background,
hardware, and accounts described here prior to attending class.

If these pre-requisites are new to you, there is a complete Learning Path in the
“*Instructions*” folder called “*Learning Path - Creating Solutions with the
Team Data Science Process.md*” that you can use to learn these technologies and
processes. You should be able to complete all tasks in that Learning Path prior
to attending this course.

Knowledge and Experience
------------------------

-   Intermediate level Python programming experience

-   Understand the operation of the scikit-learn ML package for Python

-   Experience with the Agile software development methodology

-   Ability to implement Machine Learning algorithms

-   Understand the operation of git and github

-   Understand the operation of working with Python Notebooks

-   Understand the operation of the Microsoft Azure cloud, and the Microsoft
    Azure Portal

-   Understand the operation of working with Microsoft Azure Storage Accounts

-   Understand the operation of Docker and Docker containers

Account Setup
-------------

A Microsoft Azure account you can log in to with the ability to create Microsoft
Azure objects. If you do not have an Azure Account, [create one prior to coming
to
class](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/?v=17.39&WT.srch=1&WT.mc_id=AID559320_SEM_2kAfgmyQ&lnkd=Bing_Azure_Brand).
You must have at least \$50.00 (US) in time available on your Azure account to
complete this course.

Hardware
--------

You must have a laptop to bring to class with appropriate power, the ability to
connect to the Internet wirelessly, the ability to connect to the Microsoft
Azure cloud, and you must be able to install software on that laptop. You need
2GB free of space on the laptop for the class.

Software Installations
----------------------

-   Docker must be installed and running on your laptop prior to class

Contribute
==========

You may fork or download this course for your own use. Please notify the
training team of any errors or omissions using the “issues” feature on the
course’s github location.

License
=======

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Licensed under the MIT
License.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of
Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information
see the [Code of Conduct
FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact
<opencode@microsoft.com> with any additional questions or comments.
